GitLab CI: job generator checks if container images exists (#2041)
alpaka-group/alpaka: docs/source/dev/ci.rst

  You can test your regex offline before creating and pushing a commit. The ``job_generator.py`` provides the ``--filter`` and ``--reorder`` flags that do the same thing as the lines starting with ``CI_FILTER`` and ``CI_REORDER`` in the commit message.

.. hint::

>   Each time the job generator runs, it checks whether the container images are exists. This is done by a request to the container registry. This takes a lot of time. Therefore, you can skip the check with the ``--no-image-check`` argument to speed up checking filter and reordering regex strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Each time the job generator runs it checks whether the container images exist. This is done by a request to the container registry which takes a lot of time. Therefore you can skip the check with the ``--no-image-check`` argument to speed up checking filters and reordering regex strings.
```

>   Each time the job generator runs, it checks whether the container images are exists. This is done by a request to the container registry. This takes a lot of time. Therefore, you can skip the check with the ``--no-image-check`` argument to speed up checking filter and reordering regex strings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Each time the job generator runs, it checks whether the container images exist. This is done by a request to the container registry. This takes a lot of time. Therefore, you can skip the check with the ``--no-image-check`` argument to speed up checking filter and reordering regex strings.
```
